docs(healthplatform): add AGENTS.md with guide for writing new issue modules (#52573)
DataDog/datadog-agent: comp/healthplatform/AGENTS.md

# Health Platform — AI Agent Guide

## Architecture

The Health Platform detects, stores, and ships agent health issues to the Datadog backend.

Two paths lead issues into the store:

```
Path A — built-in checks (runner-mediated)

> HealthCheckFunc (detect)

Reviewer: <!-- Questions are appropriate if you have a potential concern but are not quite sure if it's relevant or not. Asking the author for clarification or investigation can lead to a quick resolution. -->
**❓ question**
Is the Registry.BuildIssue mandatory? Couldn't a health function return a fully formatted issue?

Author: Good question,
- `HealthCheckFunc` must return `[]IssueReport` (that's the type signature), so it can't return a fully-formed `*Issue` by design.
- `Registry.BuildIssue` is optional: if no template is registered for an `IssueName`, the runner falls back to a minimal proto built from the `IssueReport` fields.

Updated the diagram and module layout section to make this explicit.

Reviewer: Should the schema be 

Runner -> HealthCheckFunc -> IssueReport ?

Reviewer: One thought, we could have the health function return the proto issue, and have it call the BuildIssue

Author: I would keep the two-step design for a few reasons:

- `HealthCheckFunc` stays proto-free. It returns a plain `IssueReport` struct, so check authors don't need to deal with proto types, `structpb.NewStruct, severity enums, etc`.
- Centralized fallback. When no BuildIssue template is registered for an IssueName, the runner builds a minimal proto from the IssueReport fields directly. If building moved into each func, every check would have to handle that fallback itself, it would restrain a bit the liberty we are giving to eng
- Easier to test. A function returning `IssueReport` can be unit-tested with no proto machinery. A function returning `*healthplatform.Issue` requires constructing proto objects in every test case.
- Single place to evolve formatting. If we need to add a new Extra field or change severity logic for a given issue type, we touch BuildIssue in one place rather than every check function.

WDYT ?

        │
        ▼
  IssueReport  ──►  Runner  ──►  Registry.BuildIssue  ──►  Store
                                                              │
Path B — external reporters (direct)                         │
                                                              │
  component calls store.ReportIssue(issue) ─────────────────►┘
                                                              │
                                                           Egress  ──►  Forwarder
                                                                            │
                                          POST /api/v2/agenthealth  ▼
                                                         agenthealth-intake.<site>
```

> Use **Path A** when detection logic belongs inside the health platform (self-contained checks). Use **Path B** when an existing component (the collector, autodiscovery) already detects the condition and should call `store.ReportIssue` directly with a fully-built proto `Issue`. In both cases the module's `BuildIssue` template is still required — Path B callers build the `Issue` themselves using `registry.BuildIssue` before calling the store.

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions propose improvements to the current subject. It’s important to be explicit and clear on what is being suggested and why it is an improvement. -->
**💬 suggestion**
```suggestion
Use **Path A** when you want to delegate detection logic and evaluation scheduling to the health platform component. Use **Path B** when an existing component (the collector, autodiscovery) already detects the condition and should call `store.ReportIssue` directly with a fully-built proto `Issue`, or when reporting from another process (system-probe).
```

Reviewer: Removing the `BuildIssue` requirement, I don't think it should be mandatory. If someone wants they can build the full issue and report it to the store, no need for a template
